[BrokenLinkH2] Corrected broken link (#8622)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/android-configure-mam.md

Microsoft Defender for Endpoint on Android supports both the configurations of MAM
- **Intune MDM + MAM**: IT administrators can only manage apps using App Protection Policies on devices that are enrolled with Intune mobile device management (MDM).
- **MAM without device enrollment**: MAM without device enrollment, or MAM-WE, allows IT administrators to manage apps using [App Protection Policies](/mem/intune/apps/app-protection-policy) on devices not enrolled with Intune MDM. This provision means that apps can be managed by Intune on devices enrolled with third-party EMM providers. 

> To manage apps using in both the above configurations customers should use Intune in the [Microsoft Endpoint Manager admin center](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2109431)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage apps in both these configurations customers should use Intune in the [Microsoft Endpoint Manager admin center](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2109431).
```
